Like he was the biggest person on the planet and he had the demons,
you know what I'm saying? And, but he is fun too.
Cause cuz you see him in a club and he see, he sees some girls and he be like,
hi, how you doing? <laugh> you like BMWs? And girls be like, what dude?
You like, you like BMW. You like Kai, you like BMWs and crazy.
He'd take the girls out and go get a BMW.
We were talking about the power women and how you know it never, you,
no matter how much money you make and stuff.
And they're all women are always kind of a rush, you know? And, and uh, and,
and Mike Tyson said to Tony, he goes, man, I've had it all I've had. I've had,
um, I've had money, I've had fame. Uh,
but if God invented anything better than Puty, he's keeping it for himself.
<laugh>.
That's a man who one, I went to his house and it was five. It was six limos.
And nobody would get out the limo. And I said,
how come nobody's getting out the car? They said,
you gonna see that line standing over there. Mike Tyson in the lane,
in his front yard, like hangover his style.
That's the only man whose house I ever went over.
There was a line in the front yard loose. Wow.
He was on the steps like this with a heavyweight belt. What,
what <laugh> what, how come nobody went to get out the car, play with my cat.
He was like, no, man, no, that's not a cat. That's a lion. That's real.
My Mike Tyson had a lion, a male lion or a female lion. That's awesome.
With a man, a lion in the, his front yard loose. Oh. It was walking.
It was off the leash, man. It was not in the cage. It was in the yard.
Oh my God. Then he came out and started wrestling with him and oh my God,
he wrestled. How big was the lion? It was big, man. It was a lion man.
He was wrestling with a lion,
came over there and grabbed him and started tussling with him and all that Jesus
and everybody was in the LIS.
So the lion could come up to a limousine and bust the window open to come in
there. I'm sorry. Easy.
He could just go like this booth and come right in there and just have lunch.
So everybody was in the car. You couldn't back out.
Cause it was all like five limos. So everybody's in the car.
Horrified thinking that Mike is getting ready to be eating by this lion,
but that isn't plays with him. And he takes him in the back.
That comes back out. And I was like, you know what?
I'm never going to be around another man in life.
That's gonna do that in front of you. <laugh> and you know what I'm saying?
Cause to me he was Mike Tyson is not a line team.
You ever here about Mike working in Vegas? No, he just tame line.
He had one in his front yard man.
So I'm in prison. I'm talking to my car dealer at the time and he has a,
he has some cars to belong to a friend of mine.
That's supposed a friend of ours and he's disgusting if he doesn't pay for these
cars, I'm gonna sell these cars to somebody and get some horses and stuff.
I said, well, you can get horses and show you horses and some cars.
Cause I had a lot of cars. I, I probably get some horses to and he said,
yeah man, you can get, you get Kugar lions tigers. I know this guy got exotic.
I said, you do, can you get me some tigers? He said, yeah.
And the guy told me and the guy said, imagine how cool that be? You be.
Cuz I had a bunch of fans because imagine that man,
you be the as Martin or for robber, you having a tiger right next to you man.
And I'm a young guy I'm I'm saying to myself, wow,
that would be cool right after. Yeah. Get me some Cubs man.
And then when I came home, I had those Cubs right there waiting for me. So.
You raised them as Cubs? Yeah. Cause that's, that's how you,
cause I would see footage of you like smacking 'em around and jumping on one of
your tigers. And I was like, holy.
Oh I hadn't listen. They were babies. They had their mother, their mother,
their babies. Now it.
Ever gets, this is a crazy picture.
You and your underwear with a tiger on a chain. That is,
that is one of the chance right there. That's you at peak. Crazy.
Yeah. And insane. Yeah. What was going through my mind? Yeah.
I know what made me think about my friend said, Mike,
you can get some awesome animals. And I think really are you serious?
And I remember the American team was saying, oh, well you never fought the best.
I'm like, didn't fight the best. I thought Americans said the best team. Yeah.
But one guy, he doesn't like taking plans in his manager.
Don't like taking planes either. So I'm like, who's that?
And they told me it was Mike Tyson custom model. So me and my trainer,
we left Canada and we drove all the way up there. And while we were up there,
RA erotic was up there and they said, oh, razor retic came to inspire with us,
said, okay, I'll spar with you. I'm here for four days.
So first time Tyson actually met me. You know, he was a nice guy,
really nice guy. He took me in his room,
showed me some old flicks that I've never seen before of old time fighters would
tell me about each fighter. Like he studied them. And then, um, you know,
this is where he got his old style is his style of fighting from. And um,
first day in the first day in the gym <affirmative> bell went,
he came across and he was trying to kill me like, you know,
I did my Muhammad Ali thing obviously stayed away from his power.
But the first day was really hectic.
And then the second day was hectic and it got better as it went along.
And then last day is I got actually the better of him the last day.
And I remember custom motto saying, you're gonna meet him someday.
Don't you do that?
And that always echoed in my mind that will we ever fight? Will we ever fight?
Cause custom auto said that we're gonna fight. Wow. And it did happen. Wow.
That is crazy, man.
God.
That's crazy. He was built back then too. He had a big neck Tyson.
When I first had, he was 190 pounds, nothing but muscle 12 years old. Okay.
That's what he was. But that's what he was. I mean, that's what God made him.
Right. That's crazy. So I go down there and I put first fight.
Nobody's seen Tyson. Nobody's ever seen Tyson, but 12 years old, zero fights,
but okay.
<Laugh>.
Now you go too far. You lie more than us. <laugh>
Nelson. I'm not lying. Okay. He's 12 years old. It's gonna be 13 soon,
but he's technically, he's 12 years old. Okay. Oh, come on.
I said, all right, I'll make you feel better. I'll put down 17. Thank you.
Now you tell the truth. I say he's not 17. <laugh>.
He bit a chunk outta your ear. Right? Like what,
what were you thinking at that time?
Bit him back. I I'm I'm serious. I will get new,
ready to bike. The day likes out him a week after that I talked to Mike,
we were, we,
we was at the all star basketball game in, in New York and,
and I looked up and,
and everybody was streaming and I wonder what they were streaming about.
Telling me to watch out.
I'm like watch out for who I looked up or Mike and he had this
big bear coat and he like.
This. He had a big bear skin coat. Yeah, no, he had a.
Big fur coat, got big fur coat and stuff like that.
And he wouldn't do nothing to shake hands and wow. And a week after,
matter of fact, his room with Nicks door to my, and I didn't know,
we came, we came out. We, we come out at the same time. He look, he look,
he asked me, is it all good? I said, yeah. So we get on elevator together.
Whoa. And we come down when the door opened, everybody was shocked.
<laugh> so they were shocked. Wondering why we wasn't fighting. Right.
And I.
Was just you two in the elevator, other people. Yeah.
That's just you to an elevator. Yeah.
Wow. And so at the shocking part and they said, man, man,
we thought they whole big fight. And I told the guy, I said, man, I said,
you know how much money I got paid in that fight?
How much money can you think we gonna fight for fruit? <laugh>.
Do you work out anymore? Nah, man. Can.
Away from that.
Stuff, man. You don't even like, uh, all that stuff, you know,
spin class or anything? No. All that.
Stuff. Um, reactivate to my ego. Oh really? Yeah.
Oh wow. When to get ripped on stuff, they reactivated.
That's the thing about like extreme winners, extreme winners. That, that,
that ego is hard stuff. Yeah. And.
If I do my ego, I'm gonna lose in life. I'm gonna lose.
I'm losing this can I'm gonna lose everything.
What if you like go jogging? Can you go jogging?
Nah, I don't. I, I do my treadmill work.
And stuff. Oh, okay. Treadmill. That's it. But, but if I.
Start to think that I'm special, if I get a glam glimmer of that thing, say,
Hey, woo. Yeah. Look at you. You're better.
Than though I saw a video. You hitting in the bag recently.
I was like a couple years ago. Mm-hmm <affirmative> you still hit the bag.
You still throw some bombs. I do. Probably for the camera. Yeah.
That's what you were doing, but I'm like, you could still move.
You still have it in you. Right. I don't know.
It's in your body. Have to be in, I don't.
Know to do that, but does it feel weird? What I was gonna get to when,
if you were standing in front of that heavy bag and you start rattling off
combinations and people, you start thinking like, oh, I'm actually Mike Tyson.
Like I was that guy. I am that guy who went through that.
I am the youngest heavyweight champion of all time.
I am that guy that destroyed Tyrell, bigs.
I am that guy that knocked out Larry Holmes. I'm that guy look.
At that guy. I look at that guy.
If somebody's giving me a platform that helped me forget about that guy. Wow.
So it's so strange to hang out and talk to him like party.
He's so iconic that whenever you're around him part there's like 10% of you that
has to holy. It's Mike Tyson. No matter what else you're saying,
10% of your brain is going, holy. That's Mike Tyson.